is there still, because he's saying that the Swedish bottle is better than the Russian one, and the absolute corporation says that you were.
So now I am speculating about mentioning every article in a different kind of liquor.
Thank you so much for agreeing to see us.
We're working on a new book, and...
and I think I mentioned to you some of the points that we're working on.
First of all, your house is like a museum.
You collect seashells, and I see books on exhibition.
I have my room with ashen books, and then you look at it.
The window is done only... First, we needed a sort of separation inside the window, because it's a way to...
look at the book.
So every 15 days I change the subject.
Really?
And do you change them by volume or do you make like an exhibition of related movies?
It can be island or alchemy or single author.
So books for you are to look at as objects.
Yes.
Now we did an interview yesterday with
Mr. Carlo Chiesa, and he said, are you going to see Umberto Eco?
And I said, yes.
He said, this is a man who collects for knowledge.
It's very interesting.
Would you agree with that?
Well, I mean, I'm not of those collectors that keep the book closed and secret in order to not damage it.
I know that leaving then open for 15 days or more is not so good, but
Okay.
Why not?
But are these particularly real?
What?
You're a native and you're an American.
Can I smell?
Really?
This is... We're fine.
Um...
But I'm curious about, do you have a focus in your collecting subject?
Yes.
The title of my collection, if you have time, is Biblioteca Seriologica Curiosa Lunatica Magica Traumatica.
Wow.
Could you say that just a little bit slower?
Maybe you can write it down for me.
No.
Is there some paraby of other titles
curiosa, curiosities.
Mine is semi-logical, because it concerns signs, symbols, strange languages, emblems, and so on.
Curiosa, because it might be curious.
Lunatic, because I don't collect serious signs, but only false signs.
with these kabbalistic, alchemic, that explains magic and magic and so on.
Now, a lot of these books are books that you could probably find in libraries, if you wanted.
Is it necessary for you to own them, to write about them?
What is the difference for you to have a book?
Now, speaking of rare books, because
speak of the new one is another problem now.
Yes.
You need it yourself.
Well, I started pretty late in my life to collect rare books, more or less after the publication in 1980 of The Name of the Road.
for a very simple reason.
First, I had more money.
Second, I said, since I got money because of a book, it means to me moral and correct to use it for books instead that for drugs or something else.
Then I discovered that probably I knew the matter already.
It was not so difficult to enter the domain into this column.
Yes, before it happened to be some time to buy an old book, but to write that it was not expensive and very, very rare.
So, I had a lot of time
interesting on this field.
But then I was encouraged to buy certain books also because of something that I was writing.
For instance, I was running Foucault's pendulum with all this universe linked to occult science and so I was encouraged to look for certain books.
years ago I made a long time to study on the quest for the perfect language.
Yes.
And at that time I was interested in having, I don't know, wakings or so-and-so people who had invented those magical or informational languages and they have a good, some shells to
are not so bad in this field which is such an arcane field that there are few people looking for this kind of white alchemy and things like so.
They are very popular and a lot of collectors are looking for them.
Strange and invented languages is a very restrictive thing which I think
I can maneuver with a certain knowledge.
Chris, that's your... So it happened that when writing the last novel, even though this had nothing to do with my collection, but I both sort of think of geography, navigation, but at the same time, you know, the problem of longitude, so I got something.
Okay.
So I tried to speak to my subject matter, but without being so dogmatic.
For instance, at a certain point, I wanted to have an incunabulum of the Divine Comedy, or the first edition of Manzoni from Messismo.
I don't belong to the collection, but it's a pleasure to have some... Do you have an incunabulum of the Divine Comedy?
Yes, not the first one.
Well, but an old, is it an oldie?
No, no, not an oldie.
So once I found a marble in Cenabulum of St.
Agosti, rubricated from the beginning to the end, a very crisp end, really not expensive, and okay, I bought it, because now it's the book I prefer, it's the most beautiful of my
Not the most rare or the most expensive, but in any case, the one I love more, just as an object also to start and show you from the start of radical political views, full of inventions.
I hope it's at some point when we're done you can show us a few books if you'd be fine.
Yeah, of course.
I heard it said that you actually had a library, it might have been in Bologna,
The books became too heavy for the house and the floors were threatened.
Is that true?
I'm not speaking of old books.
Well, I was glad to move twice.
No, remark that in Europe and in Italy, more than in America, a normal intellectual like me receives
Every day, 10 and 10 of free books.
Okay.
If my American publisher asked me to give him, let's say, 20 address of people to send it, here I am entitled to send 200.
That is the policy of a European and in particular Italian or French.
So I receive an enormous
quantity of books, and I cannot keep all that.
It sounds like you keep a lot of them, though, if you had to move twice.
No, first of all, I have a chance, my country house is big, with a lot of enormous space, old rooms in which it's impossible to live, but they are there, and so I put a lot of things in there.
Then I got my apartment in Boulogne.
That's Latin Paris.
That's the only French book.
So when I moved here seven years ago, for the first time in my life, I succeeded in having the book on a single line, not two.
Because with two lines, it's impossible to find.
I ordered just a shelf.
books.
And they were 30,000.
So the law was 30,000 they are, 30,000 they must remain.
So every six months I have a transit area.
I see if there are important books that I must keep, some other have to go to the countryside.
To the countryside, but you don't get rid of them.
You keep them.
You still keep them.
Yes, except you, except I. I also gave a lot of book on the local prism.
The reason I asked about whether or not, going back to the earlier question about having the real thing, I was rereading your essay on Travels and Hyper-Reality, which is a delightful essay, and you talk about absolute fakes and originals, and the fascination in America, I guess, that was an essay that was really fascinated by
by this obsession that Americans have for phony things.
You know what happened in America with this book?
This book, in Italy, has done, I don't know, some 3,000 copies, and then, in America, it was published by Hartford immediately after the name of the road, so thinking that even essays of mine could... It may.
60,000 copies.
So therefore they said, okay, finished, and we drew it.
In the turn of a few years, it became a cult book in the villages for young people.
Now they are reprinting it continuously.
It seems that young people are... Do you have an explanation for that?
Can you understand why that is?
Because a lot of these essays are 20 and 30 years old in that book.
Yes, but probably not only the States, they are living in a very, very fake era.
And so they find there probably an explanation.
The first reviews in the States were, well, I don't dare say so, but the
They suggested, oh, why this gentleman who comes from Europe comes here to criticize our stuff.
In fact, you remember, the book was describing the American fakes, but in order to use this example to suspect of our authentic stuff.
So it was a double check.
Anyway.
The new generation seems to have taken it as a... Okay.
Even in Great Britain, where they wanted to give another title, they didn't like travels in that reality.
I suggested Faith in Felix.
Okay.
Then, all the following editions took the American title, because that was
start to go around.
That's magnificent.
And... Because hyperreality, when you think of it, that title was 20 years ahead of its time.
Now we have hypertext and all that.
Yes, probably.
Also this can be a virtual reality.
Yes, you use that phrase.
I wrote the essay in 75.
Yes.
But it's... You know, it's always difficult to say why it's a book, it's a portion.
It happens.
But what I'm trying to get at, and I don't know if I'm driving at it in an eloquent way, but this concern that you seem to have in that essay, which I think is brilliant, about the copy as opposed to the original, and of course this morning at the Capitulare, the biblioteca, we were looking at a document, a bill of sale,
that was 700 years old, and yet it was a copy of another one.
Is this a copy, or is it an artifact, in your view?
I wonder.
You know, if you remember, in the travels, I quoted a visit to the Wrigley Museum, where there was an iron statue, and it's there.
bronze copy of a marble copy in the Vatican Museum of Rome from a lost bronze original of the 15th century.
So, which is the original?
Since the original was bronze and in Sarasota is bronze and in the Vatican Museum is a marble stone
You know, the science writer in the United States, Stephen Jay Gould, are you familiar with him?
Good friend.
Yes, wonderful.
He told me of a case where there was a replica made of the Spirit of St.
Louis, Lindbergh's plane, a replica.
And nobody wanted to have their photograph taken next to it, because even though it looked just like the original, but it wasn't the real thing.
What is there about this passion for the real thing as opposed to the copy, do you think?
Listen, first of all, maybe you don't have a long essay of mind or faith.
It was published in the Limits of Interpretation, even in English, because I am not sure to have an additional copy here, but it was published by Indiana University Press, and I make a sort of very
complex phenomenology of all the kinds of faiths.
Not in the sense of travel, but scholarly.
Because it was the introduction to an international congress made by the Monumenta Germania Historic of Old Faiths in the Middle Ages, and I was invited to deliver a general lecture on the meiotics of faith.
But, you know, there are so-called, Nelson Goodman called them, allographic art and homographic art.
There is a certain difference between the first manuscript of the Divine Comedy and
When we are dealing with this kind of art, from the aesthetic point of view there is no difference.
From the aesthetic point of view.
Yes, you can write Dante in both books, in a way you read it better in the modern one.
So the rest is only antiquarian passion.
which has nothing to do with antiquity.
It would be the same if instead of the first manuscript of Dante, it was the first manuscript of Napoleon.
It's only the antiquity there.
And these psychoanalysts speak of anal pulsions, who have the real thing.
Museums are living at all, because they are
witnesses of the past.
Different is with that painting.
This is original Dutch painting.
Every reproduction up to now cannot be as perfect as the original.
In this case, the respect or the love of the original has aesthetic value.
What to do with the statue?
Obviously, it is absolutely impossible to reproduce the Moses of Michelangelo.
In fact, if you go to Florence, and you see on the square, the tabula, Michelangelo is not the real one.
The real one is inside, and nobody knows it, and everybody worships the fake one, because there is no difference.
And in this case, there are fetishes.
Fetishes?
This is Hermes of Parcitalis.
What is the difference?
It is the difference that it is a choke and not stone.
So probably the real stone has a sort of consistency that you can detect even at the first glance.
The value of this is 100 dollars.
Yes.
My wife found the form in the museum, it was worth there, and with 100 dollars, jack up!
That is a joke, a quotation.
But, to be sincere, the difference between that and the original
For a young person who has to understand the beauty of the fetalism, the same.
All the rest is atmosphere.
But are we used by atmosphere?
Think that the statue is not in Greece, but in the museum.
I don't remember where... I think Florence said.
So, in most cases, mere fetalism.
But, let me read them as a book of the collection.
What is the difference between having the old book and the new one?
There are two other cases.
One, there are no new editions of that book.
But to have the old one means to have the only opportunity to have a certain text.
It is not irrelevant.
Second, you love the book not for the content, but for the typography.
design, refining.
And sometimes it is the excellence of the paper.
I have books that have 500 years and they are creating under your fingers.
In this case, the original, even though there are probably 300 copies around, the original is really something more similar to their painting than, because
And even more, when the original brings on the margins possession marks.
There are certain notes, hand notes, that are so beautiful to see and show you.
Paracelsus, that in itself was the price of value because it's only a single volume and a complete collection is nine.
But this copy has such beautiful
handwritten note that in itself is something beautiful to see.
So with the book, you understand that the difference between fetishism, sense of possession and the real experience that the old object can provide, you are, I think, different according to
Obviously, my divine comedy, I don't need it for reading it.
That is the emotion to have one of the first copies, that is the first with the images of the paradise, before they even have to... And this is Dante, after all.
Yes, but if I have to read Dante, I go to too much.
Even though there is a friend of mine who collects Italian poetry,
from the Renaissance, and he says, ah, you cannot believe to leave Ariotto and Tassio in the original edition in the way that he thought, is a different emotion.
Well, yes, in some way, for somebody it can be so, too.
What I'm driving at now, you also have been very actively involved, there was a conference in California on the future of the book
The University of California Press did a very good collection of essays.
You wrote an afterword for it.
Your interest in this, and I guess your concern for the book, for the loss of an archival copy, I guess.
Is this about to happen, do you think, that as we write things that there will be no physical copies of books?
that there will be no archival copy of a physical book, of a printed book, or of a manuscript, that in the future we are going to have books.
I took part in that symposium, and I have written the same essay in 25 different forms, in different meetings, only because people are stupid.
Sometimes you have to ask.
to cope also with the stupidity of people.
So, people are stupid and they believe that if they are scared that internet books will disappear.
It's absolutely ridiculous and a bad.
So, you are, you are, I am, the people like me are obsessed by the word.
Do will books disappear?
And you have to tell them no.
And so,
They feel and happy because of the words of the year 2000, they bring the apocalyptic scenarios.
They would you to tell them, yes, books will disappear.
So they had to write a very long article about if you are so cruel to say, no, no, no.
But you know, last month I was in Stockholm, and they have the brand new national, the new Royal Library, and they blasted these book magazines, they call them, out of the granite.
And there are five of them, ten actually.
The lower two are empty, and they say that they have planned it to...
to be sufficient through the year 2050.
Now, the librarian said to me, but I don't think it will ever be filled because the internet will replace a lot.
This is the librarian in Stockholm.
I see it.
Obviously, the old ones will not disappear.
On the contrary, and unfortunately, for me, they will cause more people.
The new one will disappear because I repeat, I cannot say
12 hours in place of a screen to read it.
I read this object.
And this object is like scissors, spoke, hammer, a bicycle, a kind of thing that once I've been invented, you cannot invent something better.
You can read it even in your bathroom.
Okay?
Not with the computer.
But you probably agree that, and especially when you are a scholar, and you see a lot of academics, I think a lot of scientific papers will be written and published only on the electronically.
This is the important chance, because it is the same kind of academic papers that will be half usually published by the Greuther,
include $400 a volume.
No volume will have them.
You can only see them in the library.
So I am happy to have them on internet.
It is the kind of material that, like the encyclopedia.
A good encyclopedia occupies two sales.
wall.
If you live in a room like that, even though you receive an encyclopedia as a gift, you cannot take it.
So, the encyclopedia in this case, okay, because nobody goes in the bathroom to the encyclopedia.
You can consult it by this case.
So, there will be a lot of material that will probably disappear from books,
And things like that, even though, even in that case, after I've seen the screen, I feel the need to print it in order to... That's right.
Okay, fine.
But all the rest of it, all the books, couldn't... But first, the information is always changing in Encyclopedias.
So, I mean, it's...
Like for instance the Oxford English Dictionary.
Today the sarcopedia is already outdated, so why not to have the opportunity to have it updated every day?
But a sarcopedia volume is not a book, it is, I don't know, something like a car.
If you don't mind my jumping around in questions from area to area, from subject matter to subject matter, but when you wrote The Name of the Rose, you were already a world-renowned scholar and academic and known in your field, and you were certainly writing for a specific audience of other academics and scholars.
But yet you were also writing journalism, and you said you were very proud to write journalism.
You liked journalism.
to write things that you could see in print the next day.
I'm wondering, how are you able to switch your writing from the professional application to the general application?
Is this something that comes very easy to do?
You mean from scholarship to novel, or the continual oscillation between journalism and science?
All of the above.
There's relations between... I'm not the only one in the world, only excluded by dysplasia of the American scholars, because it's so rare, but in France, in Germany, Italy, Spain and so on, it's pretty usual that an academic person also writes for magazines or newspapers.
Due to the fact that in America they are isolated in their campus.
You see, here we live.
Indeed.
A city where there is a university and the great newspapers and other things.
And then I see it's very nourishing.
I mean, the activity of writing for a newspaper helps a lot to
to speak in a, yes, to reduce a certain academic rigidity or clamps.
And so it helps only when afterwards to write for academic forms.
Were you surprised by the world reaction?
I know you ask this all the time, but when you wrote Name of the Rose,
You must, were you doing this to amuse yourself, or were you doing it, did you have any expectation that it would have the kind of impact that it's had on the world, not just European leaders, but readers all over the world, a very scholarly detective story like that.
In my widest dreams, while writing, I said, ah, I can do pent-on-comments.
I see that.
I can do better.
Yes, yes, good.
You told me also, when we met the first time, that even though you didn't realize it at the time, that novel turns on a text of Aristotle, that you actually had an old text of Aristotle, an ugly one buried, and that maybe subconsciously made it.
But I discovered it years ago, later.
But do you think that that particular copy was in the back of your mind when you were... Well, look, since I discovered that I have, in all my books, the same book I described in my novel, probably I... I got in my memory for... No, my memory, my... Barry, I don't know, for 25 years, this image that I saw one day, I don't know.
The fact is that the book was here, and I had completely forgotten.
And yet there was, and you describe it.
Yes, I assure you, yes.
It's a book.
So you see that you don't have to interview with him.
Well, I'd rather have to say, maybe you can show us.
Now tell me about your book.
It will be about libraries,
I'm really interested in this concept of book culture in general, and the making of books, the preserving of books, the reading of books.
So I want to ask you about reading.
You've written an essay on readers, that piece you wrote on Italo Calvino, your Norton lectures, for instance, at Harvard.
and you wrote a book published by Indiana University on the reader.
We talk about interactive fiction, for instance.
That's a big thing now where they put fiction on the net.
Yeah, that's another story.
But nevertheless, they don't realize that readers have always been involved in the text, as you point out, and that readers, writers do invite, in many cases, the reader to come up with a different scenario, don't you?
I think
No, interactive fiction, I repeat, it is like a jazz jam session.
A jam session.
But jam sessions have not destroyed other kinds of music.
So, by both, they are two different things.
So all those utopias, the new interactive hypertextical stuff will destroy the traditional author, notion of author.
They are silly.
It was like to say that the brothels of New Orleans would have destroyed the Carnegie Hall of the sky.
And cooking, though, pretty.
Well, I came across a very interesting statistic in a book titled, When Russia Learned to Read.
And as early as, as recently as 1897, only 21% of the Russian people could read.
79% were illiterate.
And yet, for all the illiteracy, this came through a period when Tolstoy and Dostoyevsky and Turgenev
and Pushkin and Goble were writing some of the world's greatest novels.
It didn't matter that 80% of the people couldn't read.
I wonder if there's a parallel today where we have all of this illiteracy because of computers, illiteracy in terms of reading serious literature, if that would threaten the production of serious literature.
I don't believe it.
Even going around today in one of the bookstores,
In Milan, I see a lot of people, young people, that before didn't go to a bookstore, a lot of books published.
Now, since the publishers are not suicidal people, they do it for money, and they continue to publish books, I suspect that there is somebody
It seems that the theory works.
It means in the same way in which the arrival of TV has not decreased the number of newspapers readers.
There are more newspapers readers today than three years ago.
It seems that only for the new
Minks are not damaging the influence of the growth of books.
Judging by average.
Certainly.
After television there were people who started to lose their whole day watching television with a beer and they were eliminated from the...
from mankind.
These are critical cases.
It's true that there are kids that spend all the days in place of the TV.
But there were people that at the time of Tolstoy, they were illiterate.
They didn't read at all.
So they were not readers who have immigrated and simply
we are still in a society with a great quantity of people which remain outside the treated universe also because we are five or six billions and before there were only two and so there is a certain percent but this is not the proof that the new instruments are jeopardizing the
Production of serious literature.
Well, indeed, it was a phenomenon, but even in the lighting circle, when they started to do the Romain-Pierre Dome, people started to say, okay, so literature is finished there.
But when St.
Dan Balzac was writing from the same market, he was Balzac.
Would you say that, I'm also interested in writers such as yourself,
whether or not they feel that they are products of their reading.
Would you say that you are a product, intellectually, emotionally, of the books that you have read throughout your life?
Have the books that you have read helped produce the person that you are intellectually?
Certainly, yes, but to such an extent that I think is a triviality.
product at the same time of verbal education.
But I mean, I think of certain... Certainly, yes, certainly.
Certainly, if I didn't read in my youth, I don't know, Scandal or Binocchio, I would be a different person.
Okay.
Well, I think of people like Shah, who everything he learned was in the British Library.
Virginia Woolf, who
who never had any education outside, you know, the home.
And yet she read in libraries, and the books that she read, she was quite adamant with it were the forces that helped shape her as an individual.
She was not formally educated.
Yes, the words.
It's wonderful.
Yes, I'm using that.
There is another one that never been translated, I think, in Italian, 1913, L'uomo finito of Papini, which is a sort of intellectual autobiography, a sort of sick young person who spent his life
not blind, but on the verge of reading tomes of books.
This is a beautiful story about the global immersion of a young person.
And certainly you can't see your life, but you cannot say what I'm saying, because it's probably in the case also
from a illustrated page that he looked back at the age of four.
I have certain images from my childhood class that are still magical.
So things I found, browsing, old books, father, in the center of the box with old books from father and probably
If I had not met those books, I would have written the name of the Lord.
Maybe another thing.
Maybe Lady Chesley.
In your travels in hyper-reality, you mentioned how when people in America particularly describe your profession, they say the arcane symbiotics
an arcane discipline that upsets you.
Somebody invented it for the first time and it remained like a stamp on the label.
But how old is symbiotics as a scholarly discipline?
Is it something fairly recent in terms of a... Listen.
The name is only 2,000 years.
Only 2,000 years.
Really?
Nice.
How now people who make the history of the world goes back before Homer.
I mean, mankind has always been interested in this.
the mechanism of communicating and speaking.
The term was used by Gallen.
The stoics were doing something that I recognize today as good semiotics.
In the Middle Ages they did it.
Locke, at the end of the essay on human understanding and science, and subdivide it in physics and semiotics.
That may include semiotics, maybe it is philosophically at large.
But what, in the 19th century in America, first you are speaking.
Okay.
If you want the data for the academic wave, then we are using the data in 1964 because all ambassadors started.
But that's...
It's only like to take 1776 as the date of the beginning of the American continent.
That's right, that's okay.
But how does one decide to be a semiotician?
How do you decide that this is going to be the field of, a field of study, because you've done so many other different things as well.
But your fascination... If you want an easy formula,
Well, I was working on the avant-garde, the joys, and so on.
And at the same time, I was interested in mass communication and the very pictures, I don't know, the personalities of TV.
At some point, I asked myself if those two things were so separated or if there was not a chance of more general
If you are able to justify and to confirm, or a further one.
Okay.
I see.
If you want to jump in any questions, you might guess, but there are any questions.
I'm saying if my wife has any questions, I usually invite her to ask anything if she feels a... Yes, but I hear you as God.
No?
I had a question.
Let me just shut this off.
I mentioned that one of the, you asked me what this new book is about, and I mentioned this concept of book culture.
I'm really interested, and I've been going to England and to France and to Germany, national attitudes, particularly, and one easy way to see it is the national library, how they decide what's important by what they collect.
And one of the amazing things that we've noticed here in Italy is there are over a thousand ecclesiastical libraries which have 27 million books here in Italy, in addition to whatever the national library system has.
And that says something... You mean a library, not a bookstore?
No, no, libraries.
I'm also interested in this, the attitude... Anyway, this seems to me to be pretty...
there was the church in 2000 at first but and so the other powers were frequently foreign powers passing through the ones who established you know it would be the same in France in which you can find in the abbeys and a lot of them then
And then Napoleon and the revolution that
seized a lot of enthusiastic goods and transported them into state libraries.
But at the origin, where our friend Libri is found in the equation, going around for all the convents at that time, they were still there.
The ecclesiastical library collections here, I think, are probably even easily just as important as the national collections in Italy.
Some of them, certainly, yes.
Which is almost unique in the world.
I can't think of any other country that would have church collect... Maybe in Spain.
Maybe in Spain, yeah.
I repeat, don't forget that Italy had the central state
until 130 years ago.
That's very recent.
Yes.
That's fantastic.
We are a young nation.
So there was no central power taking care of the enterprise.
That's why, for instance, you kind of find Torino, it seems,
state archives, which is a master case in itself, they say, but in Tiedmont there was, since the Middle Ages, a monarchy.
But it was the only part of Italy which had, for one thousand years, a national monarchy.
It was not by chance that it was at Tiedmont to conquer or to unify the rest of Italy, because it was the only dynasty
that could boast a certain right to do that.
Take Milan, but there were the Germans, and the Spaniards, and then the Austrians.
And at the certain port you have Carlo Federico Borromeo, that being the only real power here that they
to care also of the development of culture in their own way.
That fascinated us.
They didn't collect all the books of Luther.
Well, of course, but that was one of the reasons they established the Ambrosiana, was in opposition to Luther, I think.
As in the Counter-Reformation.
As in the Counter-Reformation, yes.
But what amazed us yesterday is that these books, these wonderful things that were acquired at the Ambrosiana,
were authorized 350 years ago.
They went out and bought these things.
Money was no object.
They even understood then, in the year 1600, 1609, how important it was to get these things and to save them.
That's very remarkable to me.
I mean, it seems to be very early in time when people recognized the great importance of these things to set them up in libraries and how they would spend money to get them.
Very interesting.
I think this, let's say, humanistic side was present in all of the great, the great heart of the history of the church and from St.
Augustine or St.
Debrorio and the schoolmen.
If not by chance that St.
Benedict and the monastic
just in order to preserve the patrimony of the culture that was disappearing under the barbarian invaders.
Part of the ecclesiastical world started since the fall of the Roman Empire
to consider themselves the only keepers and savers of culture.
Obviously, operating their own choices and censure, okay, okay, but don't forget that in the Renaissance people discovered the great classics of the Greek literature.
Who are they going to do that?
were in the monasteries.
They were there simply, probably, in the last closet, in the last room.
But they were there.
Otherwise, they were not archaeological excavations.
Well, they're capitularists.
All the pagan poetry was there.
Preserved.
Not celebrated, but preserved.
That is so important.
They said something at the Capitula Library this morning.
They had some manuscripts that they put up on top of a shelf and they forgot about.
They were there for 200 years before they found them again.
They were looking for them.
Very, very important.
I can't remember what they were.
They were codices.
Very important.
They put them up on the shelf and they stayed there for 200 years before they found them again.
But over in Verona, that was very interesting.
They didn't go out and buy the things.
These were items that were produced in the scriptorium right around there.
But they did them there, and they established a library right there in Verona to preserve these materials.
No, it's a permanent impulse in Minnesota.
No, it's a Benedictine, immense Benedictine monastery, which is the only...
Breuer Bauhaus Monastery in the world, because it was a week, first and partially made as noble Christ Master Breuer, one of the architects of Bauhaus or was another Catholic, very curious.
And what is their task?
They started after the war saying there would be the atomic holocaust.
Everything would disappear.
And since then, they are visiting systematically, I would say, industrially, every country, and they still microfilm every existing manuscript.
The Benedictines are doing it?
Yes, in Minnesota.
And they put you something as well as a drawer.
And so they have enormous of the... They have also beautiful manuscripts there, really.
But then, in a sort of...
on the immense space, doors, doors, doors, doors, doors, and this is all the geography.
They have finished with the geography.
They have finished with Austria.
They have never started with Italy because they don't know.
I just learned about this last week.
I was at the New York Public Library where they have an exhibition on the Romanovs, and Edward Kasenek, who is the curator, told me about this Minnesota thing.
He says, you've got to go up to Minnesota.
He said, it's all microfilm, but they're doing everything in the world.
This is the second time I've heard about it in a week.
In Minnesota, of all places.
Which is an old Benedictine obsession, the barbarians.
are arriving, now the barbarians are the Pentagon, and we are hiding and preserving here for the future generation.
Have you been to the facility in Minnesota?
Have you been to see it?
Yes, they showed me.
To see the manuscript part, you see all this.
I will show you.
Copies?
Yes, drawers.
You have 200 micro-pics on it.
It's not so amusing to look at that.
But up there, they have a library with beautiful cottages.
Interesting.
It goes back to what we started with, the copies as opposed to the actual document.
We still are preserving the information.
Of course, it's in black and white, right?
The microfilms.
I guess so.
And since they started in the 1950s, some of them
I've got an hour, and I don't want to overextend our welcome.
Can you show us some of your books?
Do you mind if I take a few photographs?